samples: bluetooth: Link to nRF Desktop from samples using BLE HID (#16474)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/central_hids/README.rst

The Central HIDS sample demonstrates how to use the :ref:`hogp_readme` to interact with a HIDS server.
Basically, the sample simulates a computer that connects to a mouse or a keyboard.

.. note::
   Apart from HID samples, the |NCS| provides a complete reference application design of :term:`Human Interface Device (HID)`.

>    Depending on configuration, the application can work as a desktop mouse, gaming mouse, keyboard, or connection dongle.
>    It supports connection over Bluetooth® Low Energy or USB, or both.
>    For details, see :ref:`nrf_desktop` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Depending on the configuration, the application can work as a desktop mouse, gaming mouse, keyboard, or connection dongle.
   It supports connection over Bluetooth® LE, USB, or both.
   For details, see the :ref:`nrf_desktop` documentation.
```
